chore: 1.0.0-beta.125 (#1038)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

> ## 1.0.0-beta.125 (2023-03-30)

Author: ```suggestion
## 1.0.0-beta.125 (2023-04-06)
```

### Features

> - Added the [required-min-length-string-type-property](./rules/required-min-length-string-type-property.md) rule for required property in the API definition with type `string` should have a `minLength`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the [required-min-length-string-type-property](./rules/required-min-length-string-type-property.md) rule that requires required properties in the API definition with type `string` to have a `minLength`. 
```

### Fixes

> - Fixed an issue with `$ref` in path parameters during for the `join` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with `$ref` in path parameters during the `join` command.
```

> - Other internal stability fixes and improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This release also includes various internal stability fixes and improvements.
```

### Changes

> - Changed arguments for assertion custom functions. Now as third parameters instead of `location` it has `ctx` object. See [Custom functions](./rules/custom-rules.md#custom-function-example).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the arguments for assertion custom functions. Now as the third parameter, instead of a `location` object, assertion custom functions include a `ctx` object. See [Custom functions](./rules/custom-rules.md#custom-function-example).  
```
